Create WAKU.md with spec support (#1855)
status-im/status-go: WAKU.md

# Waku spec support

> *Last updated February 14, 2020*

Author: ```suggestion
*Last updated February 21, 2020*
```

> status-go client of Waku is spec compliant with [Waku spec v0.3](https://specs.vac.dev/waku.html) with the exception of:

Author: ```suggestion
status-go client of Waku is spec compliant with [Waku spec v0.4](https://specs.vac.dev/waku.html) with the exception of:
```

Pending https://github.com/vacp2p/specs/pull/105 being merged

- Currently nodes with higher version don't automatically disconnect if versions are different

It doesn't yet implement the following recommended features:
- It doesn't apply a timeout to receive Status message
- Partial support for rate limiting
- No support for DNS discovery to find Waku nodes
- No support for negotiation with peer supporting multiple version

> - Exchange topic-interest packet code isn't implemented yet (WIP status-im/status-go#1853)

Author: ```suggestion
```

Support this is accurate now? Nothing else? Please confirm @cammellos @adambabik

Author: Suppose*

# Waku spec support

*Last updated February 14, 2020*

> status-nim client of Waku is spec compliant with [Waku spec v0.3](https://specs.vac.dev/waku.html) with the exception of:

Author: ```suggestion
status-go client of Waku is spec compliant with [Waku spec v0.3](https://specs.vac.dev/waku.html) with the exception of:
```

> - It doesn't support all the MUST packet codes (!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - It doesn't support all the MUST packet codes (!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It doesn't support all the MUST packet codes (WIP status-im/status-go#1853)
```

Author: https://github.com/status-im/status-go/issues/1853 doesn't address any of the MUST have packets:

```
Name | Int Value
-- | --
Status | 0
Messages | 1
PoW Requirement | 2
Bloom Filter | 3
```

We have to be more precise about these things.

Reviewer: I though `Topic interest` is in a group of must packets but apparently it is not. So the current Waku implementation supports all required packets.

- Currently nodes with higher version don't automatically disconnect if versions are different

It doesn't yet implement the following recommended features:

> - It doesn't apply a timeout to receive Status message

Author: ```suggestion
- It doesn't apply a timeout to receive Status message, nor does it disconnect a peer if it receives another message type before it receives a Status message
```

Author: @adambabik

Reviewer: Keep it as it is. It does disconnect: https://github.com/status-im/status-go/blob/develop/waku/peer.go#L115-L117.

Author: Ack, I was going of

- [ ] 19. When a node does not receive the Status message from a peer, before a configurable timeout, it SHOULD disconnect from that peer.
- [ ] 21. [...] message is received, the node MUST ignore these messages and SHOULD disconnect from that peer.

maybe I misunderstood them? Leaving as is

> - It doesn't disconnect a peer if it receives a message before a Status message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It doesn't apply a timeout to receive Status message
```

Author: This is both about:

>  When a node does not receive the Status message from a peer, before a configurable timeout, it SHOULD disconnect from that peer.

and

> When a node is receiving other Waku messages from a peer before a Status message is received, the node MUST ignore these messages and SHOULD disconnect from that peer

Reviewer: The latter is handled. It will disconnect because the current implementation requires to receive Status message first. If it's any other message, a peer will be disconnected.

The first is not implemented that's why I suggested a change.
